improveChangelog (#50211)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/cosmos/azure-cosmos/CHANGELOG.md

#### Breaking Changes

#### Bugs Fixed

> * Fixed Per-Partition Circuit Breaker failback getting stuck when the SDK has never received a successful address response for the affected partition before failover, or when stale replica addresses for that partition have been decommissioned. - See [PR 50182](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/50182).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a possible delay of PPCB failback when the SDK has never received a successful address response for the affected partition before failover, which could impact tail latency in certain workloads - See [PR 50182](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/50182).
```
